Nouflic's last days and "The Deal"

During this era, the Barbarian clan had a few followers lead by the 
perpetually drunk and grumpy dwarven cleric named Finn (me), and the 
Warlocks still held status has the largest clan run by Azureth and his 
overpowered house gear.

Nouflic's rise to Hero, had been pretty rough.  Daily he'd lament on OOC 
about his low constitution.  Even so, he'd spend a lot of time earning 
money and quest points for a house that Sadin was making for him on Clan 
Road in Midgaard.  I'm not clear what was taking Nouflic so long in 
building his house.  I'm pretty sure he had the money/qps.  But maybe he 
hadn't decided what color the wallpaper was suppose to be yet.

All though Finn's life he was hunting magic users.  His policy was 
notably different than those who followed Sunian's clan lead.  Finn only 
attacked people he actually saw using magic.  Might not have been right 
on the spot, but usually w/in the day he'd make them answer for their 
lack of divine respect.  People such as Pfigliano often had extended 
and cordial conversations with Finn at MSM.  Of course, one time Finn 
walked by MSM while Pfig was casting, and so was compelled to strike him 
down.

Lorath too, a then Shadow Anti-Paladin, was known to group with Finn 
when the two battled side by side.  But when once Lorath twittled his 
thumbs with arcane intention, Finn turned on him right in the middle of 
battle and planted him on the spot.

Finn was a rather adept mage killer when assigned that job.  I think 
the hero Azureth killed him about 4 times while Finn at level 40 was 
trying to defend his sacred clan hall.  Then, once hero they met again 
and Finn went 0-6-1 against Azureth.  (at the time there was a bug in 
spellbane where Azureth could cast 'dispel magic' about 8 times each 
round.  So I died because I forgot to turn off spellup triggers and got 
dispelled, ah well.  All other fights were stalemates, where Az was 
getting the best of me usually (acid blast, +2xHPs, +super-gear, +6pets) 
 The battle spam alone was killer).

Anyway, Finn was making it his mission to take out the more vocal 
opponents of the Barbarian cause.  And Nouflic fit the bill.  But 
Azureth started asking people OOC to not kill Nouflic until he finished 
his house (which seemed to be taking a month already).  Most people had 
agreed, I guess.  But after I killed Nouflic he asked Finn to do the 
same.  It was kinda a hard position to be in.  There wasn't really an RP 
way I could justify letting Nouflic run around like that, and he had a 
tendency to open his mouth and snipe at the Barbarian cause.

I talked the situation over with Sadin, asking him what options were
viable for Finn.  Sadin said I could let Nouflic slide for a while if I
wanted and he wouldn't look down on my RP.  But the OOC way this was
handled was grating on me.  Finn, as with all my characters with one
exception, always kept OOC and RP strictly seperate.  Only two IMMs ever
knew Finn was Iona, even though they can see IP addresses.  No players
ever knew.  OOC I liked Nouflic and Az, since they were part of Iona's
Warlock family (also me).  But as Finn, I couldn't stand them.

So, in the end I found an RP solution to the problem, and introduced it 
with the following note (sorry if I missed some color codes):

--cut--

To: barbarian warlock imm
Subject: Nouflic the enfeebled
.
{yBarbarian{x Brothers & Blasphemous {MWereLucks{x,
.
   Many of the Barbarians have been approached via back-channels to ignore 
the feeble WereLuck named Nouflic as he builds his retirement home in the 
middle of Midgaard.  His necrotic brain has made him so weak it is rumored
even his god has grown tired of resurrecting his soul.  This is a fate
we all will eventually face, as we are, alas, {Rmortal{x.  And seeing this 
happen to one who mocks the true gods does nothing but delight the ranks of 
the Barbarian clan.
.
   Though we have been approached to not meet out his final death, this is not
the way of Barbarian.  We will not abstain from slaying a fool who does not
repent.
.
   However, the journeymen helping furnish the Barbarian village do not come 
cheap.  And the Barbarian coffers could use replenishment.  Thus, I am forced
to make pragmatic decisions.  And I, as Leader of the Barbarians, offer the
following:
.
   The Barbarian clan will not hunt you for the next {Ctwo weeks{x, allowing 
you to build your retirement home, provided Nouflic do the following:
.
   1) deliver to the Barbarian clan {Y500,000{x gold
   2) publicly renounce your affiliation with the {mWarlock{x Clan
      (ooc: declan and post an RP note to all about it)
   3) {ggive up{x your blashemous ways by never casting a spell, 
      nor walking around with ungodly minons.
.
   These terms are {rnon-negociable{x.  Any violation of the terms by you
nullifies the contract.  This offer expires in {Rtwo days{x.  We grant you
no refugue durning this time.
.
the Finn

--cut--

Yeah, it was a hard deal to swollow.  But I figured if Nouflic was 
really on his last two deaths, and really wanted to complete his house, 
this would be a way to do it.  Prolly better than just sitting in the 
Warlock tower afraid to step outside.  And it was an RP way of dealing 
with the problem.  But I didn't really expect him to take it.

I gave him 3 days to respond, and he logged in on the first day but 
never replied.  So I sent out another message, a death warrant.  I help 
Elial hero and set him on the task to help the Barbarian CON delete 
Nouflic.

I killed Nouflic and I guess put him 2 deaths from deletion.

Elial caught up with him a day or so later and killed him once.  Before 
death, while strangled, Nouflic illegally logged onto another character 
to loot his eq after death (so Elial wouldn't have it -- Elial was 
prolly the major cause of Nouflic's poor CON in the first place).  Elial 
saw this and so PKed Nouflic again in a sort of vigilanty MUD justice 
way.  This of course was completely illegal, and he was eaten for it, 
but it caused Nouflic's second death which caused his deletion.

the Finn (aka Zz)
